hello to all the millions of
distributors out there and forever I'm
Steve hatchet the vice president of
manufacturing product innovation today
I'm so excited to talk to you about
vital five you know there's so many
wonderful products here forever living
but there are five vital products that I
want to talk to you about today first
and foremost is aloe vera gel aloe vera
gel is at the core of vital v it is a
wonderful product provides nourishing
nutrients in fact 200 natural active
constituents are inside of aloe vera gel
that go in and nourish your bodies among
those are prebiotics those were
wonderful natural friendly good for
probiotics and the good bacteria in your
gut to help make them healthy and to
your digestive system is prepared and
ready for the nutrients that come into
our bodies and absorb properly made more
bioavailable for our tissues and organs
so what a wonderful way to start the
days with aloe vera gel second is the
probiotics now probiotics as I said
before but the good bacteria in our guts
is so important in fact we want to get
85% of our bacteria inside of our guts
with good bacteria well there's six
strains in the forever probiotic in that
small little beetle it it packs over a
billion good bacteria we take that on a
daily basis and we colonize our gut with
good friendly bacteria to increase the
levels of absorption and make sure that
we get the maximum utilization of the
nutrients that we take on a daily basis
now we can't forget about our G+
our G+ now that we've got all those
nutrients absorbed into our bodies and
it's more a bioavailable now we need to
take those nutrients through our
circulation system and get them all to
our vital organs and tissues well our G
Plus is a wonderful product that was
designed to provide you with arginine
now arginine is the precursor to nitric
oxide Nobel prize-winning research
showed that nitric oxide actually
vasodilate the blood vessels and allows
for easier blood flow of nourishing
nutrients and oxygen
now we also want to talk about Arctic
sea Arctic sea is our key to getting
essential fatty acids on a daily basis
governments around the world and
scientists are finding time and time
again that we have to get a minimum of a
gram of these essential fatty acids in
our daily diet the problem is our bodies
don't make it so we have to consume it
with food that we eat or the supplements
that we take while Arctic sea just so
happens to have a perfect ratio of epa
and DHA of one to one providing you over
one gram of good friendly omega-3 fatty
acids that are helping our bodies and
for blinding us those essential
nutrients that we meet on a daily basis
lastly but certainly not least is daily
daily is the essential nutrients that we
need on a daily basis that we fill in
all those critical gaps when we're
running from here to there and we're not
eating quite the right foods and where
our bodies are getting impacted by
pollutants and toxins from all around us
and we're just not having all the
nutrients that we want on a daily basis
in our and our diets so what do we do we
make sure that we fill all those
nutrient gaps with daily there's 55
nutrients and they're all based in and a
low oligosaccharide blend to help
improve the bioavailability and the
absorption of those nutrients inside of
our bodies so look you have five key
products we call them the vital five
vital for you
and for your health and vitality
you